We are reminded of the season to replace the trees, I feel like crying.
A semi-corner.
We driver without water,
夏の砂條を踏みし行くは、 今日、いずこにありや、
夏の終わりに、 命短く、
都の街の遠くより、 空と屋根とのあなたより、
死と蝉のなきかり。
春の庭。
庭は薄物を漬けていた、
The garden was waking up from a dream.
The heart of the garden was moving slowly.
The garden was caressing the spring that was about to pass.
The blue things were not yet burning.
However, they were already running.
There was a glistening snow in the garden.
The snow was sleeping warmly without melting.
The eyes were white with the white of the branches.
The garden was like a person who was washing his hair.
The garden was like a person who was wearing a kimono.
The garden was showing the shame of a person who was trying to enter the house.
I was talking to the gardener again today.
I was holding the gardener's shoulder and feeling relieved.
I felt that the gardener was holding me.
I loved the garden more deeply than anyone else.
I knew that there was a lip in the garden.